Some quick updates (#3)
brokenhandsio/are-we-server-yet: Content/index.md

- [Redis](https://gitlab.com/mordil/RediStack)
- [ElasticSearch](https://github.com/brokenhandsio/elasticsearch-nio-client)

And of course, there is plenty of support for basic web needs, like:

- [Logging](https://github.com/apple/swift-log)
- [Authentication](https://github.com/vapor/jwt)

> - Templating ([native](https://github.com/vapor/leaf) or [others](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Plot))

Reviewer: Trying to be as agnostic as possible

```suggestion
- Templating such as [Leaf](https://github.com/vapor/leaf) or [Plot](https://github.com/JohnSundell/Plot)
```
